docs(plugins): updates the description for app-reg (#7120)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/application-registration/overview/_index.md

Applications allow registered developers on Kong Developer Portal to
authenticate against a Gateway service. Dev Portal admins can
selectively admit access to services using the

> Application Registration plugin. Furthermore, enabling `enable_proxy_with_consumer_credential` will introduce
> an additional method for accessing the service using the consumer's credential.
> It is essential to exercise caution when enabling this parameter.
> Once activated, it will bypass the plugin's ACL control, potentially compromising security measures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application Registration plugin. 

{:.note}
> **Note**: By enabling the `application-registration` plugin on a service, access to the service with consumer credentials will be disallowed by default. To allow this behavior, please refer to [these instructions](/hub/kong-inc/application-registration/how-to/#allow-accessing-the-service-with-consumer-credentials-optional) for advanced configuration.
```

As this is optional for our users, would it be better for us to leave a link for them here?

_For Docs team reviewers_: Could you help check if the anchor in the link above is correct? Thanks!

selectively admit access to services using the
Application Registration plugin.

{:.note}

> > **Note**: By enabling the `application-registration` plugin on a service, access to the service with consumer credentials will be disallowed by default. To allow this behavior, please refer to [these instructions](/hub/kong-inc/application-registration/how-to/#allow-accessing-the-service-with-consumer-credentials-optional) for advanced configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note**: By enabling the Application Registration plugin on a service, access to the service with consumer credentials is disallowed by default. To allow this behavior, check the [how-to guide for allowing access to the service](/hub/kong-inc/application-registration/how-to/#allow-accessing-the-service-with-consumer-credentials-optional).
```

> {:.note}
> > **Note**: By enabling the Application Registration plugin on a service, access to the service with consumer credentials is disallowed by default. To allow this behavior, check [how-to guide for allowing access to the service](/hub/kong-inc/application-registration/how-to/#allow-accessing-the-service-with-consumer-credentials-optional) for advanced configuration.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% if_version gte:3.4.x %}

{:.note}
> **Note**: By enabling the Application Registration plugin on a service, access to the service with consumer credentials is disallowed by default. To allow this behavior, check [how-to guide for allowing access to the service](/hub/kong-inc/application-registration/how-to/#allow-accessing-the-service-with-consumer-credentials-optional) for advanced configuration.

{% endif_version %}
```
